Update absolute links [release branch] (#2356)
openvinotoolkit/model_server: docs/model_cache.md

# Model Cache {#ovms_docs_model_cache}

## Overview

> The Model Server can leverage a [OpenVINO&trade; model cache functionality](https://docs.openvino.ai/2024/openvino_docs_OV_UG_Model_caching_overview.html), to speed up subsequent model loading on a target device. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Model Server can leverage a [OpenVINO&trade; model cache functionality](https://docs.openvino.ai/2024/openvino-workflow/running-inference/optimize-inference/optimizing-latency/model-caching-overview.html), to speed up subsequent model loading on a target device. 
```

Author: Done
